manifest
courses ./data/courses_aem.txt
courses ./data/courses_ch.txt
courses ./data/courses_cs.txt
courses ./data/courses_ec.txt
courses ./data/courses_ece.txt
courses ./data/courses_en.txt
courses ./data/courses_engr.txt
courses ./data/courses_hy.txt
courses ./data/courses_math.txt
courses ./data/courses_me.txt
courses ./data/courses_mte.txt
courses ./data/courses_mua.txt
courses ./data/courses_mus.txt
courses ./data/courses_ph.txt
courses ./data/courses_psc.txt
courses ./data/courses_sp.txt
courses ./data/courses_st.txt
courses ./data/courses_uh.txt
requisites ./data/requisites.txt
plans ./data/plans.txt
semesters ./data/semesters.txt
endmanifest